# Mars recruitment task 1
we were given 6 questions to solve. They were in 3 categories namely -light dose, medium dose, strong dose.
These categories consists of 2 questions each.
when I first checked the task I got overwhelmed .I didn’t understand anything as i had no prior knowledge on the content which was being asked.
when I calmed down I started to check the resources given.
I started doing the task from the first question i.e the linux commands. They seemed a bit familiar as in the first semester we learned 3 to 4 basic commands. I started learning more about the commands from the given tutorial. I learnt the basic concepts on linux including the combining of files or coping the files or directories. Thus I have completed my first question .  I have understood that to be good in linux we have to be aware of most of the basic commands and their properties.
I started learning the basic git commands next. I understood the difference between git and github and had gained an interest in learning further. Unfortunately sometimes even upon following the instructions I sometimes face an issue where the output which the others are getting is not the same as mine and many times while learning my laptop lacks certain software that the person teaching in the videos have and this has led to a lot of issues.
I check the 1st question of the strong  dose after that. I gained a bit of confidence after completing my first question and since this question is based on c ,which I was a bit familiar with. On the first look the question seemed to be easy but I had to think it over and over again . I checked for the best way to check for prime factors and all. But in the end I did not get the desired output. I felt I should just send the code despite not getting the output. I thought of using an array to store the factors of the number in the beginning but that didn’t work out. Then I tried getting only the no of factors and then comparing each one but even that didn’t work. At last I stared taking only the prime factors of the numbers instead of taking all the factors.  Then counting the distinct factors for the other consecutive 3 numbers.
I got a brief understand on bash script. It involves creating an executable file where we put all the commands such that on executing the file all the commands are automatically executed . I understood the concept behind it easily as I related it with the functions in c programming language. Both feel similar in a way and this thought made the concept easier to grasp. I started by looking at the cheat sheet and the commands  given in the resources but I felt that I  didn’t understand the implementation . hence I started exploring on YouTube and found a channel that is explaining the whole bash script in a simpler and detailed way . On watching the execution of commands I could make sense of the commands in a better way. Unfortunately I wasn’t able to answer the question as I am still trying o learn it.   

